---
title: School Canteen Advertisement (Moved from Partners Corner)
permalink: /partners-corner/permalink/canteen/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong>School Canteen Advertisement</strong></p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Type of Stall</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Closing date</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Requirements</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Halal Western Food Stall</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>31st March 2024</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NIL</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>Application Procedure</strong></p><p>1. Download and complete the application form. You may also request for a hardcopy from the School’s General Office.</p><p><a href="/files/canteen%20stall%20application%20formbf71.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Canteen Vendor Application Form</a></p><p>2. Attached the following documents together with the application form:</p><p>* Photocopy of the NRIC (front and back)</p><p>* List of proposed menu and pricing for all items</p><p>* Photocopy of relevant certificates such as Basic Food Hygiene Course, etc</p><p>3. Submit the completed application form and documents by closing date via email OR to the School's General Office.</p><p>* Address: 109 Cashew Road Singapore 679676</p><p>* Contact No: 67691912</p><p>* Email: bpps@moe.edu.sg</p><p>* Contact Person: Mdm Ng Mui Yong</p><p><strong>How to get there?</strong></p><p>* Nearest LRT: Pending Stn (44229) – 5 minutes walking distance</p><p>* Nearest MRT: Cashew MRT (DT2) – 10 minutes walking distance</p><p>* Bus number: 184, 75 - 2 minutes walking distance</p><p><strong>Interest applicants must meet the following criteria:</strong></p><p>* Singapore citizen or Singapore Permanent Resident (SPR) for stallholder and stall assistant.</p><p>* Able to provide good service and quality food with prices determined in consultation with the school.</p><p>* Able to provide cooked food that meets the health / nutritional standards set by the Health Promotion Board (HPB) under the "Healthy Meals in Schools Programme (HMSP)" <a href="https://www.hpb.gov.sg/schools/school-programmes/healthy-meals-in-schools-programme" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">guidelines</a></p><p>* Able to maintain high standard of food safety and personal hygiene.</p><p>* Healthy and fit to operate the stall.</p><p>**Applicants should preferably fulfil the following criteria:**</p><p>* Successful applicant and stall assistant(s) must possess the WSQ Basic Food Hygiene Certificate.</p><p>* Possess catering experience or experience operating in a school environment.</p><p>* Successful applicant is required to apply for a food stall license from Singapore Food Agency (SFA).</p><p>*Shortlisted applicants will be notified for an interview and will be required to provide food sampling for the School Canteen Selection Committe</p>